## Things I learn from Socrates
    * Admit things you don't know. Socrates is a wise man for the reason that he is willing to admit he doesn't know anything. Quote: "I know that I know nothing". By that way, he can actually learn rather than making some flaw argument over something he doesn't know. I think this is really important in these days, cause the human knowledge is getting larger and larger. Some people think they know everything, that they are always right. However, in fact, they do not. So it's better to acknowledge the unknown and examine it.
    * The second thing I learn from Socrates is that question everything. Try to get to the bottom of stuffs we inherently accept. For example, what is justice, what is good, what is bad, what is the way to live life, what is the value of life. Lots of people today don't really think of them as much. They want to be a better person, but how can they be better if they cannot specify what they are trying to be. How can they be brave if they do not know what brave really is. For that reason, I, myself, have to question a lot, even when others think it's so apparently.
    * Always live a moral virtue life. Socrates was convicted death even thought he did nothing wrong. He could easily defend himself however he chose death because his moral told him so. Live a good life that you not only won't hurt anyone but also help them to be better selves. I think this is a good way of living, somewhat similar to Stoic lifestyle. I'll read more about this soon.
    * Pursue knowledge. The ultimate goal of Socrates is gaining more knowledge. To him, knowledge is the only way to know what is good and what is bad. I think this is really insightful cause people tend to think that they know most of the things. Even things that they think they cannot be wrong can go the wrong way because they don't examine it enough, just like in the first point I write. 
